
Support team
============


Team
++++

1) From the home page of the Nightscout.info website.
"There is no support or any warranty of any kind. The quality and
performance of the project is with you if you choose to use it. This
is a project that was created and is supported completely by
volunteers." (This is an adaptation of the original disclaimer that
was part of the "Easy Setup Guide" on GitHub.)

2) On the Nightscout.info website is the do-it-yourself
troubleshooting page. http://support.nightscout.info Users are
encouraged to use this page to solve their own issues.

3) In the nightscout.info installation documents, users are urged to
post their issues to the CGM in the Cloud group. Any person leaving a
comment in the forums of nightscout.info, on the Nightscout facebook
page, or on the Nightscout Foundation facebook page requesting
assistance, is directed to the CGM in the Cloud group.

4) The "support" volunteers are loosely organized (no set scheduling,
no interview process). Once identified as being interested in support
and display a team-work attitude and aptitude for problem solving,
specific individuals are asked to join a Facebook group in order to
discuss issues they see in the CGM in the Cloud group. However, any
person that is in the CGM in the Cloud group can offer support to
anyone else.

5) Individuals, not only the above-mentioned "support" group, as
members of the CGM in the Cloud group, scan the posts in the CGM in
the Cloud group to identify people needing assistance.

6) The only method currently used that might be used for tracking is
by counting those who have successfully setup and received a
certificate of completion (CGM in the Cloud Wings). It is a graphic
made by a member of the support group. Any person who is a member of
the CGM in the Cloud group can post that graphic to anyone else.

7) Many issues are addressed and resolved through email, private
messaging and other direct communication methods. There is no capacity
for capturing these conversations since they are a) private and b)
unknown to anyone but the user and the person providing informal
assistance.

DIY Support | The Nightscout Project support.nightscout.info
